try it out you go first
but yeah that was that was not bad I
have DRS CRS look I'm putting my wings
up that doesn't look that great check it
out a paper plane but it actually tells
us quite a bit about aerodynamics in
Formula One which is probably the single
most important performance
differentiator in the sport that the
teams have control over the aerodynamics
of these cars borrows a lot from the
aerospace industry and as you can see on
this paper plane it has some little flap
light devices towards the rear and in
fact we have a very similar device on
the Formula One car at the rear of the
car on the rear wing we have this flap
which is under the control of the driver
and when this car gets within a second
of the car in front the driver can push
a button in the cockpit and he can open
this flap which reduces the drag
generated by the rear wing on the car
significantly to the point where it
makes overtaking the car in front an
awful lot easier the way you use it is
that you get a beep which tells you that
you now you're allowed to activate it
when you're within one second of the car
in front and so then you wait until you
get to the white line when you get to
the white line you can push the button
that puts down your rear wing and gives
you extra top speed to overtake the
person in front the DRS when you engage
it it's like a boost like pressing
curves it's the same feeling as curves
so when you press curves you get one
boost and then you press the DRS you get
another one almost exactly the same the
issue of reducing drag on the Formula
One car is very relevant to reducing
drag on road cars to make them more fuel
efficient equally the aerodynamic
stability of our cars has a direct
relevance to the stability and safety of
Road cars pretty much you'll see minor
minds gone so far I can't even see it
anymore okay what's our essence
those three bearish